When a process name is selected on the process-tree canvas, a dialog
box for that process pops up if it is not already open. If it is
already open and a different process is selected underneath, the
process information changes. In order to show the which process is
selected on process-tree canvas, the process name changes color to the
color specified by the "selected" resource.

The Process Dialog Box lists information about the process. Also it
can be used to set the priority of the process or process group and
can be used to send a signal to the process or process group.

The top part of the dialog box gives information gathered from the
"ps" command. Since a command invocation may be rather long, this is
listed on a separate line.

Below that to the left side is scrollable list of signals which can be
sent to the process. This list is automatically generated when the
program was compiled via the program C<makesig.pl>. The list of
signals is in sorted order, but the most common signals are listed at
the top according to my preference. If the C<Quick Kill> toggle button
had been depressed, the signal selected in the L<Set Quick Kill Signal Dialog> 
is selected. Otherwise "NO ACTION" will be selected and you
will have to select a signal if you want to send a signal to a
process.

To the right of the scrollable list of signals is a slider which can
be used to set the process priority. The initial value is the value at
the time for that process at the time the process was selected.

There is a notion in Unix called a process group which is a group of
processes that are usually related in some way; perhaps they were
spawned from a common parent. Instead of sending a kill signal to a
specific process, the signal can be sent to the set process of
processes in the process group. Likewise instead of setting the
priority for a single process it can be set for the process group.
The process group toggle button in the process dialog is used to
indicate that a signal or priority should be applied to the process
group rather than the process that is selected.

Note that in order to for a kill signal or a change in priority to
take effect, you may need sufficient permission to do so. This is no
different than say if you were to run "kill" or "nice" from a shell.

If there is a problem performing the action requested (and the program
catches you), the old value is kept.

